Miss
How to explain to the chairperson today?
Conceal it first
Just say that the Shen family agrees
We must find a way to get rid of him
After a while, Huangjue will be there in person before the order.
Shen Crow, you're not kidding, right?
I brought 300 million for my armpits
god crow
Are you talking in your sleep?
What's in 30 million?
Who would believe 300 million?
I believe
Kiss Me
Thank you for believing in me.
No problem
But we don't fit together anymore
Why have you changed, Shen Crow?
You can do anything for the order now.
Grandma, we don't want this 300 million order
I'm breaking up with him.
You kiss me
Why are you so angry?
What did I do wrong?
Do you have to let me tear your face apart?
You entered the king's room last night
How do you know what he said to you?